I believe I have finished a bunch of the old dospm-todos and need
to clean them up.   In the meantime, here are some more todos.

1.  Figure out which -march and -mtune settings to use.   Now that I'm compiling under
    the arch linux version of djgpp, the emulator crashes when run on dosbox with
    illegal opcodes.  I found that setting -march=i386 fixes the problem.  Question
    is, what is the best arch to use?  Certainly my netbooks can go higher than i386,
    but does it matter?

2.  Speed up compilation of the 16 bit programs.   I think giving them a configuration
    with max cycles will help.   Also, maybe the whole "run a disk image" thing isn't
    worth it.

3.  Get it running on virtualbox in arch

4.  Consider trying it in DOSEMU, which I think runs the 32-bit code natively

5.  To round it all off, maybe try QEMU

6.  Try TPAUSE on more modern cpus (Use with TSC) for timing/sleepig

7.  Fix the makedepend code (currently using "fake" targets)

8.  Speed up display - the emulator can't seem to keep up with LDIR filling
    the screen - see explosion in invation force....you can tell it falls behind
    (from memory, original version was faster.  Also, on slower hardward the next
     screen flies by, because the emulator had fallen behind)
    * Progress (more current):  Double-buffering gave good results. (Basically I used
      a copy of the VGA memory in main memory, did all my calculations there so that
      I only write to VGA memory and do not have to read.   On virtualbox the IFORCE
      explosion looks about right.   I also implemented scrolling.
    * Next Steps:
    *  * Try it on netbooks to see if it seems fast enough there
       * If so, can remove the VGA option and the old GRX code.   But maybe it is
         better to come up with a "video driver" API that I can swap out.  That might
         open up future possibilities (UEFI boot?  Headless?  Who knows?)
       * I think the video driver API should be a bunch of function pointers - no
         need to make it a C++ object.
       * Since I'm still using GRX for menu options, I need to make sure switching between
         GRX and VGA works fine.  It seems to, but all my allocated colors get messed up
         which makes me think the color pallette changed.   Oddly, I like the new colors
         better.  So.....Figure out what the new colors are, switch to them, and then 
         allocate/deallocate them properly.
    * Progress (older):  I did a quick test writing to VGA - results were promising.  My
      first attempt intentionally didn't work quite right (no masking of pixels),
      but it seemed fast on dosbox.   My second attempt added masking but dosbox
      was slower than I hoped.   It could be the reads of video memory are slow.
      (Even on virtualbox?)   Maybe I'll try double-buffering.   I could also
      do some other low-level optimizations of that code.    Note that I still need
      to implement scroll so current code doesn't completely work.  Also the pallete
      for dialog boxes is off so probably need to allocate/free the colors when switching
      too/from grx mode.
    * A completely different tactic I could try is passively updating the screen when
      the emulator finds itself ahead and sees that it has writes to perform.   Mote on
      this later.
    * Now that I have two examples of video display, I think I should abstract out a
      driver interface.   

9.  Add a "local" save area that gets preserved when I reload new code.  Should include
    locally created cassettes, printer output, maybe logs, maybe local created diskettes?


