It's been a while since I touched the TODOs list.  Here's top of mind stuff:

* Finish implementing HiRes graphics (Things not done as of this writing are mod 3, mod 1 HRG (i.e. - not grafix80),
  mod4 undocumented features, microlabs) and  alternate character sets for 3/4.
    UPDATE - I implemented alt character sets and inverse.  Inverse seems to work - have not yet tested alt
             sets.  Note: These, along with grafix80 use "pattern tables".  When initializing the pattern tables,
             I only initialize the ones relevant for the given model's hardware.  It would be better to initialize
             all tables for all models and then use the io port mapping to contol which get enabled.  That would let
             me play things like grafix-80 style support for model 3/4, etc.
* Figure out how I want to deal with changing removable disks - Emulator UI or TRSDOS cmd?   In some ways I prefer
  the latter because I can also tell the OS about the change
* Some cassette improvements - For user tapes, it would be nice to set descriptions and or documentation for tracks.
  Also cool would be some ability to delete/rearrange/move tracks
* SOUND SOUND SOUND SOUND.   Need to figure out HDA sound!!!   I have a lot of the core stuff written, but I have
  not yet gotten it to work on real hardware
* Improve the Launcher (improved navigation/subdirectory support, support launching non-trs stuff so I can expand to
  other things)
* See if switching to _rdtsc for realtime support is worth it
* Support "Default" disk files...maybe even cassette files.  Each of these defaults would be paired with a "user" file
  that is used at runtime.  When starting, if the corresponding user file doesn't exist, it would be pre-initialized
  as a copy of the default file.   The idea is to distribute "editable" media but then have it be preserved when the
  user starts updating it.  Maybe even arrange it so that the user-copy gets re-updated if the default copy changes and
  the user copy has not been touched.
* General Cleanup - would be nice to properly isolate all display-related code so I can swap in other drivers in the
  future.  Ditto for keyboard.   Also move the command line parsing to its own file.    Finally, some QOL improvements -
  reformat old code (I've already started doing this), move source files into their own directory, rip out stuff I
  don't care about.   (Note: Many of the command-line tools are not needed for dos and shouldn't be compile for them,
  but compiling linux versions would still be useful because I might want to enhance them)
* Emulate video waits? ... Probably not worth the effort. but I'm impressed with the trs80gp emulator that manages
  to do it along with realistic "hashing" if the waits are not used



Here is stuff from todos-2 that I think is still relevant:

1.  Figure out which -march and -mtune settings to use.
2.  Speed up compilation of the 16 bit programs.
6.  Try TPAUSE on more modern cpus (Use with TSC) for timing/sleepig
7.  Fix the makedepend code (currently using "fake" targets)

Here is stuff that is out of date/obsolete:
8.  Speed up display - This is essentially complete with my change to use
    the VGA directly instead of going through Grx.  I still use Grx for emulator menus.
9.  Add a "local" save area that gets preserved when I reload new code - I think I have
    some conventions for this (e.g. - cassette), although a single directory for all of
    this could be nice.   Also, see above for some ideas about "defaults"

